well the UN Security Council has held an
emergency meeting to discuss the
conflict but behind closed doors Shear
bany reports from the UN headquarters in
New
York these emergency un Security Council
closed consultations or an opportunity
to get a briefing from the UN as to the
situation on the ground as well as an
opportunity for members of the security
Council to get a sense of where each
other stands on the current violence
there were calls for deescalation there
were calls for an end to violence
against civilians but two Security
Council Members clearly had Divergent
positions on what to do next the US
expressed its support for whatever
Israel has to do to quote defend itself
while the Russians called for an
immediate ceasefire President Biden said
I think very clearly uh today we will
support Israel uh we will help them in
carrying out their inable right to their
self-defense so uh I would just leave it
at there for the moment we will
obviously be having discussions with
Israel as to how we can best support
them uh as they take on uh this violent
uh terrorist entity Hamas my message is
is important to stop to stop the
fighting IM to go to the CIS and to
meaningful negotiations which was told
for decades and that is partly a result
of un resolved issue given the
difference in those two positions from
two permanent members of the UN Security
Council it's perhaps understandable that
no one has yet drafted any sort of
resolution for the security Council to
vote upon the uae's ambassador to the
security Council expressing the opinion
that she expected many more meetings and
briefings to come on the situation shab
brany Al jazer the United Nations